[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
♪ SPILL YOUR GUTS
>> James: OKAY.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT THE FOOD WE
HAVE:
>> THAT LOOKS LIKE SOAP.
James: IT DOES.
HERE WE HAVE:
FISH EYES.
CHILI CHEESE
DOG SMOOTHIE.
COW BLOOD AND PORK TONGUE JELLY.
BIRD SALIVA.
PICKLED PIGS FEET.
HOT SAUCE.
THIS ONE I HAVE NEVER SEEN
BEFORE.
TARANTULAS.
>> PHR *UL.
James: AND FINAL OUR TRUSTEE
FRIEND, YES
BULL PENIS.
>> THAT SEEMS TO BE HORRIBLY
SLICED UP IN A BAD ACCIDENT.
>> James: NO DENYING IT, IT
DOES.
>> THE BULL GOT IT CAUGHT IN THE
ZIP ARE.
>> James: A HELL OF A ZIPPER.
JON, YOU WILL ASK ME THE FIRST
QUESTION.
BEFORE YOU ASK, CHOOSE A FOOD
YOU WOULD LIKE ME TO EAT SHALL I
NOT ANSWER YOUR QUESTION.
[LAUGHING]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> James: OKAY.
LOOKS LIKE JONNY BOY HAS COME TO
PLAY.
>> WHAT DOES IT SMELL LIKE?
James: IT SMILES LIKE SORT
OF, WELL YOU CAN SMELL IT -- IT
SMELLS LIKE VERY, VERY DUSTY
FEET.
>> THAT IS ACCURATE.
James: THE BEST WAY I CAN
DESCRIBE IT.
GIVE ME A QUESTION, I HOPE TO
GOD I CAN ANSWER IT.
>> WHO IS YOUR LEAST FAVORITE
GUEST YOU HAVE EVER HAD ON THE
COUCH?
>> James: COME ON NOW.
>> KEEP IN MIND I HAVE NEVER
DONE THIS SHOW.
IT CAN'T BE ME.
>> James: THERE IS JUST NO
WAY -- I CAN SAY THAT.
BECAUSE HE IS VERY FAMOUS.
>> YES.
I'M SURE HE IS.
YOU HAVE LET IT GO HE IS A HE.
IF YOU WANT YOU CAN SAY TOM
HANKS RIGHT NOW.
WE WILL ALL GET IT.
[LAUGHING]
>> WE ALL GET IT.
>> James: UMMM, I DON'T WANT --
>> I KNOW WHAT YOU DON'T WANT TO
DO IS EAT A DRIED UP TARANTULA.
>> James: I KNOW -- HOW CAN I --
I -- IT'S NOT THAT HE WAS.
IT WAS THE LIKE A BAD PERSON.
JUST --
>> OH!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> James: OH MY GOD.
>> NOW THAT SOUNDED KIND OF LIKE
A POTATO CHIP.
WAS IT?
>> James: I HAVE EATEN POTATO
CHIPS IN MY TIME.
IT'S LIKE EATING EXACTLY WHAT IT
SMELLS LIKE.
RIGHT, JON, I AM GOING TO GIVE
YOU A -- A
CHILI CHEESE
DOG SMOOTHIE.
WE HAVE BLENDED
CHILI CHEESE
DOGS.
>> ARE THESE FROM PINKs OR
7-11.
>> James: WE WERE ON HIATUS LAST
WEEK.
WE GOT THEM THE WEEK BEFORE
THAT.
>> THEY DON'T GO BAD.
James: AT A GAS STATION.
OKAY, JON, YOU HAVE RECENTLY
EXPRESSED A INTEREST IN PLAYING
BATMAN.
RANK THESE PREVIOUS BATMANS FROM
BEST TO WORST.
GEORGE CLOONEY.
CHRISTIAN BALE AND BEN  BEN AFFL
>> THIS IS A CONVERSATION WE
WOULD HAVE NOT ON CAMERA.
>> James: YOU KNOW A
CONVERSATION WE WOULD HAVE NOT
ON CAMERA, ME TELLING YOU MY
LEAST FAVORITE GUEST --
>> THEY LEFT A COUPLE OFF.
James: VAL KILMER.
MICHAEL KEATON.
IF YOU WANT TO ADD THEM IN.
>> I DON'T.
James: I THINK WE GO --
>> HIGH HOW LOW OR LOW TO HIGH.
James: WHATEVER WAY YOU WANT
TO GO.
OH MY GOD, STOP, STOP, STOP.
STOP, STOP!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> I FEEL THAT WAS ONE DOG'S
WORTH.
>> James: WOW, THAT WAS A SOLID
EFFORT.
HOW WAS IT?
>> THICK.
James: YA.
OKAY.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING FOR HERE?
GO FOR -- OH DON'T.
OH.
>> HERE IS WHY.
I'M BEING KIND.
IT'S LIKE THAT MUCH.
>> James: YOU HAVE NEVER TRY IT
DID.
>> YOU HAVE?
James: YES.
>> AND?
James: AND IT'S [BEEP]
DISGUSTING.
>> WHY.
James: IT'S LIKE --
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> IS IT TRUE IT'S ACTUALLY.
HOW DO YOU BIRDS --
>> James: THEY HOLD THE BIRD AND
JUST.
>> THAT MAY VERY WELL NOT BE
SALIVA, SIR.
OH, THIS IS -- EASY.
THERE ARE SO MANY.
FLAME YOUR LEAST FAVORITE JON
HAMM MOVIE.
[LAUGHING]
>> James: I DON'T THINK THERE
ARE THAT MANY.
>> OKAY.
James: THERE ARE GREAT ONES.
"BAD TIMES AT THE EL ROYALE."
>> IN THEATERS NOW.
James: ONE OF THE BEST FILMS
I HAVE SEEN THIS YEAR.
MY LEAST FAVORITE JON HAMM
MOVIE.
>> DOESN'T MEAN YOU DON'T LIKE
IT.
>> James: YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT'S HARD --
>> OUTCLASS.
James: WELL, TAG.
[LAUGHING]
IS
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
[LAUGHING]
>> FAIR ENOUGH.
>> James: DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THAT
WAS COMING.
ALRIGHT, JON, JON, JON, JON
HAMM.
YOU DON'T WANT THE HOT SAUCE.
SHUT UP, ARE YOU SERIOUS?
THAT IS BRUTAL.
OH MY GOD --
>> THE IDEA WOULD BE TO PUT THE
HOT SAUCE IN THE CHILI CHEESE
SMOOTHY.
>> James: YOU WON'T EVER ANSWER
THIS.
>> I MAY NOT BE ABLE.
TO.
>> James: YOU WON'T.
WHO IS ONE PERSON YOU HAVE
WORKED WITH YOU NEVER WANT TO
WORK WITH AGAIN.
[LAUGHING]
YOU CAN'T -- I MEAN THAT IS A
BRUTAL QUESTION.
>> WE HAVE NEVER WORKED
TOGETHER.
>> James: NOPE.
>> I DO HAVE AN ANSWER FOR THIS
QUESTION.
>> James: GO ON.
>> BUT I WON'T SAY IT.
James: NO, STOP.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> James: OH, GOD.
WE SHOULD OF SHOT THIS AFTER --
OH, MAN.
JON, I MEAN YOU'RE A LEGEND.
HOW WAS THAT?
>> AYE OPENING.
I DON'T THINK YOUR AYES ARE THE
ONLY THING THAT WILL OPEN.
>> NO.
IT WILL BE A FUN RIDE HOME.
>> James: OKAY.
JON, WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO GIVE
ME?
>> James: OH, [BEEP].
IT'S COW BLOOD AND PORK TONGUE
JELLY.
>> NONE OF THOSE WORDS LONG
TOGETHER.
>> James: NO, THEY DON'T.
>> CBPTJ.
BY THE WAY YOU HAVE A LITTLE
TARANTULA IN YOUR MOUTH.
>> James: I CAN FEEL IT AROUND
THE INSIDE OF MY MOUTH.
OKAY.
>> FINAL QUESTION.
James: HERE IT COMES.
>> WELL SEE THIS IS SIMILAR.
YOU ARE GOING TO ENJOY THAT.
>> THIS DOESN'T ASK YOU TO NAME
YOUR LEAST FAVORITE ANYTHING.
IT ASKS YOU TO RANK YOUR FELLOW
LATE NIGHT HOSTS FROM BEST TO
WORST.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> TWO JIM HE'S AND A STEPHEN.
James: COBER, FALLON AND
KIMEL.
I LOVE THEM ALL DEARLY.
[LAUGHING]
>> BY THE WAY THAT HAS SOME GIVE
BACK TO IT.
FEEL IT.
YA.
>> James: IT --
>> IT REALLY DOES.
James: I REALLY LIKE ALL OF
THEM.
THEY HAVE ALL BEEN VERY KIND TO
ME.
>> AHHH!
>> YOU WANT TO WASH THAT DOWN.
James: THAT IS WEIRD.
THERE IS A MOMENT WHERE YOU GO,
ALRIGHT.
THEN YOU GO --
[LAUGHING]
>> I ACTUALLY SAW THAT MOMENT
HAPPEN.
WE BOTH LOOKED.
NOT BAD.
>> James: GENUINELY YOUR MOUTH
GOES OH, OH!
OKAY.
>> James: COME ON NOW THIS IS
OUTRAGEOUS.
>> COME ON.
James: OH, YES.
WHAT WILL I GIVE YOU.
JONNY, I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU --
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU A LITTLE
BIT OF BULL PENIS.
OKAY.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> NOW I HAVE BEEN TOLD YOU HAVE
HAD BULL PENIS.
>> James: YA, BIG TIME.
>> AND?
James: IT'S ALRIGHT.
>> SURE IN.
James: NO.
>> THIS FEELS LIKE PENIS JERKY.
IT'S A WHOLE OTHER LEVEL OF --
>> James: TALKING OF THIS IS A
VERY APT QUESTION.
JON.
>> YES.
James: THERE HAS BEEN A LOT
OF TALK ON-LINE.
>> OH BOY.
James: ABOUT WHAT PEOPLE
REFER TO AS THE "HAMMERCONDA."
>> I'M JUST REALLY WONDERING
WHAT THE QUESTION WILL BE.
>> James: SHOW ME WITH YOUR
HANDS HOW BIG THE HAMMERCONDA
REALLY IS.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> James: HAMMERCONDA
MY HAMMERCONDA.
>> BABY DOES HAVE BACK.
James: ROUGHLY TELL ME WHEN
TO STOP.
>> ABOUT 15 MINUTES AGO.
OH.
I MEAN --
>> OH.
James: YOU SURE YOU WANT TO
EAT IT?
MY MOM IS IN THE AUDIENCE.
SHE ONLY CAME BECAUSE SHE WANTS
TO FIND OUT HOW BIG THE
HAMMERCONDA IS.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> WHERE IS YOUR MOM.
[LAUGHING]
>> James: HOAXER, HE HAS DONE
IT.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, WHAT A
INCREDIBLE NIGHT WITH MR. JON
HAMM.
EVERYBODY, WE WILL BE RIGHT BACK
WITH THE LATE LATE SHOW.
♪♪♪